{
    "title": "Lunar Dawn - Into Morana's Cold Kingdom (feat. Jasmina)",
    "description": "Neogoa is proud to present Kolovrat, the long-awaited debut album by Croatian duo Lunar Dawn. Since the release of the Blessings From Irij single and remix album Lunar Dawn defined a fresh approach for new material inspired mainly by ancient and colorful Slavic folklore and mythology. Kolovrat has been crafted during a three year time frame and features 10 previously unreleased tracks including two collaborative works, one with the well-known Croatian ethno\/neofolk band Svarica and another featuring Jasmina on vocals. Prepare yourself for a unique experience of Goa trance music made with the playfulness, emotive power, and passion typical of the Balkan peninsula! All tracks written and produced by Lunar Dawn (Kristijan Ili\u0161inovi\u0107 and Sa\u0161a Pre\u010danica), Croatia. Live instruments on track #1 by Svarica; vocals on track #10 by Jasmina. Mastering by PsiloCybian (Croatia) with illustration by Arkadiy Tronets (Russia) and design by Richpa at Neogoa Design (Croatia).\n\n01 - Perun's Stones (feat. Svarica) (140 BPM)\n02 - Golden Arms Of Kresnik (144 BPM)\n03 - Svantevit (Part I: White Horse And Prophecy) (146 BPM)\n04 - Svarog's Celestial Fire (139 BPM)\n05 - Metamorphosis Of Veles (148 BPM)\n06 - Svantevit (Part II: Temple Of Arkona) (100 BPM)\n07 - Zorya (146 BPM)\n08 - Rebirth Of Jarilo (138 BPM)\n09 - Blessings From Irij (2015 Mix) (135 BPM)\n10 - Into Morana's Cold Kingdom (feat. Jasmina) (100 BPM)\n\nReleased under a Creative Commons license for noncommercial usage (NEOG037). Release date: April 1, 2015\n\nFree download: http:\/\/www.neogoa.net\/lunar-dawn-kolovrat\/\nBUY CD: https:\/\/neogoarecords.bandcamp.com\/album\/kolovrat\n\nFor more free Goa trance and ambient music, please visit us:\n\nWebsite - https:\/\/www.neogoa.net\nFacebook - https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/neogoarecords\nTwitter - https:\/\/www.twitter.com\/neogoarecords\nInstagram - https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/neogoarecords\nSoundcloud - https:\/\/soundcloud.com\/neogoarecords\nGoogle+ - https:\/\/plus.google.com\/+neogoarecords\nBandcamp - https:\/\/neogoarecords.bandcamp.com",
    "videoid": "90952569",
    "date_created": "1442593082",
    "date_modified": "1494456115",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/lunar-dawn-into-morana-s-cold-kingdom-feat-jasmina\/90952569"
}